iq I must find my way home again well
you do know your own mind and another
best abused liked you it's been surreal
to see an incredibly rich and satisfying
and sometimes surprising to see the book
of Negroes make the transition from
novel to the screen a huge part for me
has been finding a way to reimagine the
novel getting another chance to tell it
you can turn back now see mark I was
branded with out back in your slave pen
when I was 11 years old it's really
hooked me from a ver first line I seem
to have trouble dying and I just fell in
love with I'm not Diallo I fell in love
with her as a character it's a story of
human triumph yes slavery is at the
center of this but it's about how she
manages to overcome the hardship that
she's forced to endure from the moment I
read this novel and I we went out to
Burlington and I gave him the pitch of
what I thought it could be
he said well walk you know how do you
see it and I said I saw it as a Wizard
of Oz he looked at me sideways and he
said you're right I get it
you're absolutely right this is he wants
to go home and he's been you know and I
wanted him to be on that journey with us
and he's been a amazing partner
I've worked with Clement and with a man
and with their amazing assistance for
I'd say about five years it's been a
chance for me to learn a new skill to
begin at least to learn the skill of
screenwriting what has to come out and
what has to be framed and what about
economy of expression I mean you can
take ten pages to get haven't seen in a
novel and clemont's sort of favorite
expression to me was you have 30 seconds
Larry like you have 45 seconds or 30
seconds to get this little bit of the
story down on the page so it was really
an exercise in economy and reimagining
how a story needed to be told and how to
make a hopefully a successful transition
for
page to screen Lawrence was an
incredible human being to be working on
this story with he brought so much to
the table as the original writer and
researcher because he did a lot of his
own research and his spirit kind of
infused this story every step of the way
call me a fool no Sam I'm only here to
give my ID to hand we have our own
business to mind what I enjoyed most
about working on the project to my
astonishment was being part of a team
for years there's this back and forth
conversation after conversation trying
to find the way Courtney Lee collegially
intimately artistically to work together
to figure out the best way to tell this
story in the format of a miniseries so
it's been exciting to work as a small
player in a team and to see you see the
transition mean it's a way of honoring
the story giving it a new set of legs
and a new way to reach Canadians